Updating names from nexmo -> Vonage (#73)
Vonage/vonage-dotnet-code-snippets: README.md

Key | Description
----|------------
`VONAGE_API_KEY` | Your API key
`VONAGE_API_SECRET` | Vonage API secret

> `VONAGE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` | Path to a private key for your vonage app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VONAGE_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` | Path to a private key for your Vonage app
```

`API_KEY` | API key to apply an update to
`VOICE_CALLBACK_VALUE` | A SIP URI, telephone number or app ID (depending on `VOICE_CALLBACK_TYPE`)
`VOICE_CALLBACK_TYPE` | `sip`, `tel` or `app`
`VONAGE_NUMBER` | Vonage Number used for Caller ID or lvn you want to purchase/cancel/update
`VONAGE_NUMBER_FEATURES` | `VOICE` or `SMS` or `VOICE,SMS`
`TO_NUMBER` | Number to send an SMS to.
`TEXT` | Text to be played into call via text-to-speech
`VONAGE_REDACT_ID` | Vonage ID to use for redaction
`REQUEST_ID` | The ID of the request to search (returned when the request is started) - also request to operate on for verify
`INSIGHT_NUMBER` | The number to provide insight information for.
`VONAGE_BRAND_NAME` | The alphanumeric string that represents the name or number of the organisation sending the message.
`UUID` | The UUID of the call leg  to modify.
`NUMBER_SEARCH_PATTERN` | Whether to look for `NUMBER_SEARCH_CRITERIA` at the beginning of the number (`0`), anywhere within the number (`1`) or at the end of the number (`2`)
`NUMBER_SEARCH_CRITERIA` | The number pattern you want to search for, e.g. `234`
`RECIPIENT_NUMBER` | Telephone number to verify, in E.164 format

> `NCCO_URL` | The URL of the NCCO to transfer control to, eg `https://developer.nexmo.com/ncco/tts.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NCCO_URL` | The URL of the NCCO to transfer control to, eg `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nexmo-community/ncco-examples/gh-pages/text-to-speech.json`
```
